Exercise 4 : Data structures

1) 	Number sorter:
	Ask a user to enter in a set of number until they enter in a blank line (just press enter).
	Your program must then return these numbers in sorted order (from smallest to largest)
	
2)	Top marks:
	Write a program that asks a user to enter in numbers until they enter in a blank line (just press enter).
	These values will represent student class marks (i.e. % values).
	Your program must report the number of students in the class that got marks greater than or equal to 80%.
	
3)	Unique sorter:
	Redo question 1, except	your program should remove duplicate entries before returning values in sorted order.

4) 	Shopping list:
	Write a program that allows a user to create a shopping list (one entry at a time as before).
	After the user has finished creating their shopping list you must provide an option to let them to tell your program what they have bought. 
	These items should them be removed from their shopping list until there are no items left on the list.
	
5)	Language Shuffle:
	Create a program that gives each letter in the alphabet a different, unique value (i.e. another letter).
	Your program should ask a user to enter in a sentence and translates the sentence with these different letter values.
	e.g. the user can enter in the phrase "hello world!" and your program must output (for example) "jrppi eitpf!"
	
6)	Object-like programming:
	Write a program that allows a user to store information about each of their friends (one friend at a time).
	Information stored should include name, surname, age and email address.
	Your program should then allow them to query information about any one of their friends, as follows:
	if they ask for information about their friend "Debby", your program should output
		name: Debby
		surname: Debbison
		age: 92
		email: debby92@hotmail.com
		
7)	Mark capturing system:
	Write a program that allows a user to capture marks for different students, doing different subjects
	The program should first ask for the student name
		then the subject
		then the mark for that subject.
	Finally, the program should report back this information
	
	

		
