Python exercise	

1)	Write a program that prints out the phrase "Hello world!"

2)	Write a program with two variables, 
		var_1 with the value "Hello" and 
		var_2 with the value "world!"
	Your program should use these two variables to print out the phrase "Hello world!"
	
3) 	Write a program with three variables with the values "Hello", "world" and "!"
	Your program should use these variables to print out the phrase "Hello world!"
	
4) 	Write a program that writes out "Hello world!" 100 times

5)	Write a program that asks a user for their first name, last name and age and then outputs this information.
	e.g. "Hello Dorothy Nyamai. You are 28 years old"
	
6)	Message System
	This program asks the user for their Name & email address, then asks them to leave a message. 
	Your program should then confirm the details with the user.
	
	e.g. 
	
	Thank you for leaving your message Dorothy. The following message has been left:
	
	"Hi, my computer doesn't seem to be working. Please send someone to try fix it."
	
	We will respond to your message shortly using the email address d.nyamai@jkuat.ac.ke
	Have a good day
	
7)	Write a program that prints out the sentence: Stuart's car is called "Megatron"
		- Note, the sentence must use both the apostrophe and quotation marks as shown
		
8)	Write a program that writes out "Hello world!" 100 times
		- Each "Hello world!" should be on a new line
		
9)	Write a program using a variable named x
	The program should ask the user to enter an integer three times, then display the output as shown in the example below.
	e.g. 
	user enters in the values: 5, 3 and 13
	program output:
	
	The value of x is 5
	You added 3 to x. The value of x is now equal to 8
	You added 13 to x. The value of x is now equal to 21
	

10)	Ask a user to input two numbers. Your program must then return
		
		a) the sum of these two numbers
		b) the difference between these two numbers
		c) the product of these two numbers
		d) the quotient of these two numbers (with decimal places)
		e) the quotient of these two numbers (with whole numbers and the remainder)
	
	
	